Why did you get up so early today?
I also have to get up early to find a new job.
Not like you. The family is in trouble.
What's the matter? I like the one who sells flowers is Aix.
Her book "Maihua" is about to be signed and published. say what?
She wanted her published so badly. This poor piece of skin will kill me today.
Congratulations, your dream comes true.
Say you are operating behind your back.
Grandma Huang is so conspicuous. You're not saying that my family is just a mess.
He's just a man who takes care of his wife.
It's all for me. You can't refuse.
These are Yiye and mother’s heart.
History is coming downstairs, let's go.
here is my business card come today
It’s the Wei Tuo that was received by the old man and his wife.
I'm here to come to you with a copy of the ancient rights to soft contract.
Xiao Xie is always in the laboratory
This is what the madam and the old man mean
Did you hear it, Sister Lou Ran?